Add docs for using mermaid with AsciiDoc (#1182)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/ui-components/code.md

  path: "/assets/js/mermaid.min.js"
```

### Using mermaid with AsciiDoc

> This section concerns people using AsciiDoc (e.g. via [jekyll-asciidoc](https://github.com/asciidoctor/jekyll-asciidoc)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users of [AsciiDoc](https://asciidoc.org/) (e.g. via [jekyll-asciidoc](https://github.com/asciidoctor/jekyll-asciidoc)) may need additional configuration to use mermaid.
```

> If you want to use Just the Docs' mermaid support, you need to tell AsciiDoc how to generate output that is understood by mermaid. The simplest way to do this is to use a passthrough block:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, AsciiDoc generates HTML markup that mermaid cannot properly parse. The simplest way to resolve this is to use a [passthrough block](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/pass/pass-block/):
```

{% highlight asciidoc %}
++++
<pre class="language-mermaid">
graph TD;
    A-->B;
    A-->C;
    B-->D;
    C-->D;
</pre>
++++
{% endhighlight %}

> You can instead follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/flyx/9fff080cf4edc95d495bc661a002232c) for a setup that removes the raw HTML noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, community member [@flyx](https://.github.com/flyx) has contributed a Ruby extension that does not require extra markup. The extension is available [as a GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/flyx/9fff080cf4edc95d495bc661a002232c). Thank you to [@flyx](https://.github.com/flyx)!
```
